.TH GIT-HERE 1 "2026-07-08" "git-tools" "Git Tools Manual"
.SH NAME
git-here \- switch to a GitHub pull request's branch you already have locally
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B git here
.I NUMBER
.br
.B git here
[\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The offline counterpart to
.BR git-pr (1).
Where
.B git pr
fetches a PR's branch,
.B git here
assumes you already have it and just switches \(em it never fetches, and for
branches it has seen before it does not call
.B gh
at all.
.PP
It resolves PR #\fINUMBER\fR to a local branch in two steps:
.IP 1. 4
.B Offline fast path.
Branches checked out by
.B git pr
(or a prior
.BR "git here" )
are stamped with
.RI "\fBbranch.\fP" NAME "\fB.gtools-pr\fP " NUMBER
in git config. If a local branch carries the stamp for #\fINUMBER\fR, switch to
it \(em no network.
.IP 2. 4
.B Fallback.
With no stamp (a branch pulled by hand, by plain
.BR gh ,
or by a raw fetch), ask
.B gh pr view
for the head branch name; if that branch exists locally, switch to it and stamp
it so the next switch is offline.
.PP
.B git here
never fetches. If you do not have the branch, it says so and points you at
.RI "\fBgit pr\fP " NUMBER .
.PP
Named
.I git here
rather than
.IR git switch :
git always prefers its built-in
.B switch
over a script, so a custom
.I git-switch
could never run.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show usage and exit.
.SH REQUIREMENTS
Nothing for stamped branches. The fallback path needs the GitHub CLI
.RB ( gh ),
authenticated for the repository
.RB ( "gh auth login" ).
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B git here 923
Switch to the local branch for PR #923.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR git-pr (1),
.BR git-done (1),
.BR git-sync (1),
.BR git-sweep (1),
.BR gh (1)
