.TH GIT-PR 1 "2026-07-21" "git-tools" "Git Tools Manual"
.SH NAME
git-pr \- list your open pull requests, check one out, or merge them all
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B git pr
[\fB\-nt\fR|\fB\-\-no\-title\fR]
.br
.B git pr
.I NUMBER
.br
.B git pr
[\fB\-\-merge\-all\fR|\fB\-ma\fR]
[\fB\-y\fR|\fB\-\-yes\fR]
[\fB\-\-method\fR \fIMETHOD\fR]
.br
.B git pr
[\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
With no number,
.B git pr
lists the open pull requests you have authored in the current repository, one
per line as
.IR "<url> -- <title>" .
With
.B \-\-no\-title
it prints just the URLs, one per line, for easy piping. Listing uses
.BR "gh pr list \-\-author @me" .
.PP
Given a
.IR NUMBER ,
.B git pr
checks out that PR's branch, always up to date: it runs
.BR "gh pr checkout" ,
which creates the branch or fast-forwards an existing local branch to the PR's
latest. For merged or closed PRs whose branch has been deleted from
.IR origin ,
it falls back to
.IR refs/pull/<NUMBER>/head ,
which GitHub keeps around.
.PP
Branches are stamped with their PR number
.RB ( "branch.<name>.gtools-pr" ),
so if the GitHub CLI cannot reach GitHub,
.B git pr <NUMBER>
falls back to switching to the stamped local branch as-is (without updating it),
letting checkout still work offline.
.PP
Named
.I git pr
rather than
.IR git switch :
git always prefers its built-in
.B switch
over a script, so a custom
.I git-switch
could never run.
.SS "\-\-merge\-all: merge every mergeable open PR you authored"
With
.BR \-\-merge\-all " (" \-ma "),"
.B git pr
merges every mergeable pull request
.B you authored
in the current repository, rebasing branches that need it, skipping anything
that needs a human, and listing the skips. It never considers anyone else's
PR \(em merging someone else's work isn't this command's call to make.
.PP
Unlike the rest of
.IR git-tools ,
.B \-\-merge\-all
touches shared remote state \(em it merges PRs on GitHub \(em so it is also
.B safe by default:
it only prints a plan and changes nothing until you also pass
.BR \-\-yes .
There is no force flag; anything blocked by branch protection (required
reviews or checks) is always left alone.
.PP
PRs are processed in an order chosen to minimize conflicts: for each open PR it
counts how many other open PRs touch at least one of the same changed files,
and processes the least-entangled ones first. This is computed once, up front,
from each PR's changed-file list \(em a plain adjacency count, no LLM involved.
.PP
For each PR, in that order:
.IP \(bu 2
.B CLEAN
or
.BR UNSTABLE :
merged directly.
.IP \(bu 2
.B BEHIND
or
.BR DIRTY :
its branch is rebased onto its base in a scratch
.B git worktree
(never touching your current branch or working tree) and pushed with
.BR "\-\-force\-with\-lease" ,
then merged. If the rebase itself hits a conflict, it is aborted and the PR is
skipped \(em that needs a human.
.IP \(bu 2
.BR BLOCKED :
skipped. Required checks or reviews are never bypassed.
.IP \(bu 2
Draft PRs: skipped.
.PP
Merging one PR can change the status of the ones after it (e.g. a PR that was
clean can become behind). Each PR's status is re-checked right before it is
handled, not just once at the start.
.PP
The merge method defaults to the repository's own default merge method
(from
.BR "gh repo view" ),
overridable with
.BR \-\-method .
Branches are never deleted after merging \(em run
.BR git-sweep (1)
afterward for that.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-nt ", " \-\-no\-title
When listing, print bare URLs (one per line) instead of
.IR "<url> -- <title>" .
.TP
.BR \-\-merge\-all ", " \-ma
Merge every mergeable open PR instead of listing or checking one out. See
.B \-\-merge\-all
above. Cannot be combined with a
.I NUMBER
argument.
.TP
.BR \-y ", " \-\-yes
With
.BR \-\-merge\-all ,
actually perform the plan. Without this, nothing is changed. Rejected without
.BR \-\-merge\-all .
.TP
.BR \-n ", " \-\-dry\-run
With
.BR \-\-merge\-all ,
explicit dry run (also the default).
.TP
.BR \-\-method " " \fIMETHOD\fR
With
.BR \-\-merge\-all ,
.IR merge ", " squash ", or " rebase ,
overriding the repository's default merge method. Rejected without
.BR \-\-merge\-all .
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show usage and exit.
.SH REQUIREMENTS
Requires the GitHub CLI
.RB ( gh ),
authenticated for the repository
.RB ( "gh auth login" ). Only the offline checkout fallback (switching to an
already-stamped branch) works without it.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B git pr
List your open PRs as
.IR "<url> -- <title>" .
.TP
.B git pr \-nt | pbcopy
Copy just the PR links to the clipboard.
.TP
.B git pr 923
Check out PR #923's branch, updated to its latest.
.TP
.B git pr \-\-merge\-all
Show the merge order and what would happen to each of your open PRs. Changes
nothing.
.TP
.B git pr \-\-merge\-all \-\-yes
Actually merge everything mergeable of yours, rebasing and skipping as needed.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR git-done (1),
.BR git-sync (1),
.BR git-sweep (1),
.BR gh (1)
