.TH GIT-SYNC 1 "2026-07-07" "git-tools" "Git Tools Manual"
.SH NAME
git-sync \- rebase the current branch onto the latest base, then push
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B git sync
[\fB\-a\fR|\fB\-\-all\fR]
[\fB\-b\fR|\fB\-\-base\fR \fINAME\fR]
[\fB\-n\fR|\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR]
[\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Rebase the current branch onto the latest base and push it:
.B git fetch
\(->
.B git rebase origin/<base>
\(->
.BR "git push \-\-force\-with\-lease" .
Force-with-lease is used because a rebase rewrites history; it still refuses to
clobber remote commits you have not fetched. The command requires a clean tree;
on rebase conflicts it stops cleanly with instructions.
.PP
On the base branch itself,
.B git sync
acts as a safe pull instead: it fetches and rebases local <base> onto
.IR origin/<base> ,
fast-forwarding when you are only behind and replaying any local commits on top
when the two have diverged. It never pushes the base.
.PP
The base defaults to origin's default branch.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-a ", " \-\-all
Sweep every local branch in one pass: fast-forward the local base, delete
branches already merged into
.IR origin/<base> ,
and rebase + push the rest. Branches that hit rebase conflicts are aborted
untouched and listed to fix by hand. Never-pushed branches are rebased but not
pushed. Squash-merged branches look unmerged, so they are rebased rather than
pruned \(em delete those with
.BR "git sweep \-f" .
.TP
.BR \-b ", " \-\-base " " \fINAME\fR
Use
.I origin/NAME
as the base instead of origin's default.
.TP
.BR \-n ", " \-\-dry\-run
Print what would happen without changing anything.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show usage and exit.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B git sync
Rebase the current branch onto origin's default and push.
.TP
.B git sync \-\-all
Prune merged branches and rebase/push all the rest.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR git-sweep (1),
.BR git-pr (1),
.BR git-done (1),
.BR git-rebase (1)
